---
layout: post
title: 2/1 Through 2/8
tags: [Gina]
description:
image:
published: true
---

Our group has spent the last week creating the project plan and attempting to get the previous team's code up and running. Both of these tasks have involved unforeseen obstacles.

Getting the previous code running has continued to be a major road block. We received an email response from the IT manager, who assured us that the UK virtual machines have all the software necessary. He suggested we don't run their installer script and instead determine what the installer script is supposed to do. I tried to do this, but couldn't make any progress. Instead of trying to get all the code running, I tried to run the database installation code and tried to access the database. I ran into problems running mysql and spent a couple hours focused on trying to run mysql with no success. I then tried to isolate the software we needed with the software I believed we had access to. I thought perhaps the problem was that we do not have mysql-server space. Grant sent another email to Paul who assured us that we do, but also agreed to meet with us in person to try to determine what our problems are. I am cautiously optimistic that this meeting will help us to get the old code running.

Creating the project plan has involved different obstacles, but we have been able to overcome most of them. We have run into several discussions about how we specifically plan to implement different parts of the project. Some issues were able to be resolved. Others were more involved, so we started a running list of all the questions to address with our SQS point-of-contact, Ben Fox. I then sent a message to Ben who agreed to meet with us via Skype on 2/9. We are planning to go into this meeting with a list of questions, several wireframes, and a list of functional requirements ordered by importance.   

Word Count: 320
