---
layout: post
title: Group Meetings 1/28 and 1/29
tags: [Gina]
description:
image:
published: true
---

In class on Monday, 1/28, we had our first stand up meeting. Since our project is still in the very initial stages of development, there was not much to say, and most of us ended up repeating each other. In the future, though, I can see how this type meeting will help guarantee our group stays focused and continues to make progress.

After the stand-up meeting, Grant and I attempted to get the previous codes running on our virtual machines. The previous team to work on this project was incredibly organized and provided an installer that installs the versions of all the software necessary to run the code. Looking at their README, we did not anticipate any problems, but unfortunately our team hit our first road block. No member of our team has the admin privileges necessary to install software on the University of Kentucky virtual machines and none of us have laptops that run a Linux environment, which is necessary to run the previous team's installer. Grant sent an email to the IT manager that we believe will be able to help us, but we are still waiting for a response.

On Tuesday 1/29, we met again to complete the use-case assignment. This was the first assignment we all met to collaborate on. There was lots of discussion, and I felt that creating the two use-cases helped us to start to get a stronger grasp on how we see the project progressing. Additionally, there were some slight mini-disagreements on different matters. I felt we handled this well as we were able to talk through our points of view and arrive at an agreement. No one seemed hesitant to speak up when they were confused or disagreed, and we were able to accomplish what we needed to within the timeframe that we had anticipated. Overall I feel this bodes well for further work on this project, as team cooperation and communication will only continue to grow in importance.

Moving forward, I hope we are soon able to resolve our first roadblock and see the previous team's code run. In the meantime, I plan to look over the code from the previous team. I think an important starting point is pinpointing which files that we will have to modify and with which files we do not need to concern ourselves.

Word Count: 392 
