---
layout: post
title: The Code Is Finally Running
tags: [Sara]
description:
image:
published: true
---

As of February 11th, at 10:52 pm I finally have the code from the previous group running on my machine, and let me tell you, it has been a PROCESS. Our group started by trying to run the code on the UK computer science multilab. We ran into issues with the installer that the previous group added since students don't have installation privileges on the multilab. I tried to mitigate this by creating a virtual machine on my laptop using OracleVM Virtual Box. Unfortunately, the installer still had issues even though I had admin privileges. After installing the LAMP stack by hand, I was able to set up the database and reach a couple pages of the website but was not able to navigate between them. This ultimately led me to scrap the idea of using a virtual machine on my laptop. My next attempt to get the code running was on an old Mac. I figured this might give good results since the previous group mentioned that they had developed everything on Macs. However, the installer failed at downloading the proper software to run the website, so I left the Mac idea behind.

Along with my attempts, my group had each been trying different methods to get the code up and running with little success, so we decided to contact Paul Linton for help. He was the professor of the web programming class Grant and I took last semester so we figured a meeting with him would help get to the bottom of the problem. After about an hour of changing permissions and refreshing our memory on PHP we realized that Gina did not have a MySQL account on the multilab and the configuration settings for the installer were not correct for the MySQL server on the multilab. With a bit more tweaking of the code on our own, Grant was able to get the database set up and could navigate through the website. After implementing the changes that he had discovered in one of the configurations files, I was also able to navigate the site as intended.

With this massive 2-week road block out of the way our group can finally start development on the requirements that we have laid out. We are meeting with Ben tomorrow over Skype in hopes of nailing down the final requirements as well as the priority of these requirements. We also have most of the project plan complete, including story point estimation and requirements specification, so we should hopefully be developing code within the next week or so.
(426 words)
