---
layout: post
title: 2 Sprints Down 2 To Go
tags: [Sara]
description:
image:
published: true
---

Our team will have made it through two sprints as of March 25th. We are most of the way through our high priority requirements and have almost made it to what we are considering the minimally viable product for this project.
The first sprint for me consisted of requirements 6.1.1 and 6.1.4 which included generating an option in the sign-up page to mark that you are a sales user and then sending the sales users to a different verification page, and altering the tabs in the website that the sales user can see. Through these requirements I realized that we seem to have overestimated what we though a story point would look like in person hours. This makes me think that we will definitely make it through most of the low priority requirements before the end of the project. I really didn't run into any issues in this sprint.
For the second sprint, I took the requirements 6.0.1 and 6.0.1, which contained the functionality for updating hardware and software skills in the user profile which actually interacted with the database instead of being hard coded (angry sigh). That functionality is complete now and is in the testing phase. I did run into a couple of snags while working on this sprint. This sprint definitely included more complex work for me, which meant I made quite a few mistakes along the way. I had trouble trying to figure out how to debug my code to see where I had issues. This was especially difficult due to the MVC framework of the code. I didn't really find a good solution for this so I will have to do more research on this for next sprint.
When the 25th rolls around and everyone is done with their stories for this sprint we will merge our separate development branches and separate the work for the next sprint.
(313 words)
