---
layout: post
title: First Contact
tags: [Sara]
description:
image:
published: true
---

On January 23 our team had our first meeting with our project owner. This first meeting gave us a chance to establish the best way to stay in contact as a team and bring up questions necessary as we further develop the project. Fortunately, this did not include driving all the way to his office for each meeting. The meeting also gave our team a chance to better understand what Ben was looking for. Through a lengthy discussion we gained quite a few initial requirements for the sales portal, which will be the meat of the project. We also got a chance to get a look at one of the earlier iterations of the project (the latest version has a few bugs we have to work out) which gave me a much better understanding of what technical work has to be done on the site. I am very much a visual and tactile learner, so seeing what we will actually be working on was a big help.

With what knowledge we currently have, I see this project being fairly straight forward. I think our team has the combined knowledge and skills to be able to handle every part of the project that we have discussed so far without having to do too much research into new technologies. The part I see giving us the most trouble is simply making the site look nice in conjunction with what is already in place. I look forward to our next meeting with Ben where we can really dig into his requirements for the website so we have a clearer idea on how much work is really going to go into this project.
(279 words)
