---
layout: post
title: First Standup Meeting
tags: [Sara]
description:
image:
published: true
---

January 28th our team had our first standup meeting. In this meeting Jeff explained the format of a standup meeting, which is a standard part of an agile development environment. Following this format each of our team members explained what we had accomplished for the project the previous week, what we planned on accomplishing this week, and any road blocks that we anticipated that Jeff might be able to help us with.
Seeing as we only had one meeting with Ben before this standup, there was much to say, and each team member said about the same thing. In the previous week our team met with Ben and had an extensive conversation about his expectations for the project. More details about this meeting are in my first journal entry. We also collected a few requirements from Ben that will go into our first use case assignment due on February first. For the next week I planned on getting the code from the previous group up and running on my machine. Our team is also planning on meeting to work on the use case assignment and possibly further developing requirements that will go into the project plan. The last part of the standup was road blocks I saw in our way. At the time of the meeting I didn't see any problems in our way, but after a bit of work our team quickly realized that getting the code working on our machines was going to be more complicated than we had anticipated.
The code that was previously developed was meant to run in a Linux environment. Since nobody in our team has a machine running a Linux environment, we had planned on setting up the project in the CS virtual machines. We had Grant and Gina try and run the project installer on the virtual machine and quickly ran into a problem. The installer automatically checks for necessary software and installs the most updated software required to run the code correctly. This is a problem on the virtual machine since we do not have privileges to download and install software. After talking to Jeff to help clear this problem, we decided that contacting Paul Linton, the CS IT guy, to find out if we could get privileges for this software install alone. Grant sent him an email and we are waiting to get a response back. Until this gets resolved we cannot get the old code up and running or start developing the requirements for our project. While we are waiting for a response, I plan on at least taking a look at the code and familiarize myself with the layout.
Our team plans on meeting on the 29th and 30th to begin work on the use case and project plan assignments, which will get summarized in my next post. Hopefully we will have a solution to our roadblock by that time. (480 words)
